4.0-release-notes (#58)
FairwindsOps/insights-docs: docs/release-notes.md

---
# Release Notes

## 4.0.0

### New Cluster Overview UI

> We redesigned the cluster overview page to visualize better what's happening in your cluster. Users can now see their cluster's health score, action items aggregated by namespace and report, top action items, a cost summary, assigned action items, and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We redesigned the cluster overview page to better visualize what's happening in your cluster. Users can now see their cluster's health score, action items aggregated by namespace and report, top action items, a cost summary, assigned action items, and more!
```
Not sure if this is right, but swapping visualize and better felt better to me?

[Learn More](https://insights.docs.fairwinds.com/features/cluster-summary/)

### Updated customer agreement

> We’ve updated our customer agreement, and you will need to re-accept the agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve updated our customer agreement, you will need to accept the new agreement the next time you login.
```

I think it was the comma followed by an  `and` but there was something about that sentence structure that felt weird to me.
